README.md, before:

# [Isomorphic-validation](https://github.com/itihon/isomorphic-validation) library usage example

## Sign-up and sign-in forms

In case somebody wants to follow along, the tags corresponding to the chapters from the video are available:
`git checkout [Step_0 ... Step_6]`

[![Intro](https://img.youtube.com/vi/PVzKr6ZKZ5A/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVzKr6ZKZ5A&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=1&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Describing validation logic](https://img.youtube.com/vi/9r5aXQUv2xo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r5aXQUv2xo&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=2&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Project setup](https://img.youtube.com/vi/gbuiORK1OCI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbuiORK1OCI&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=3&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Preparing predicates](https://img.youtube.com/vi/09d3M5nz4Sc/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09d3M5nz4Sc&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=4&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating validations](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Wr-9yj62V6U/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr-9yj62V6U&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=5&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating validation profiles](https://img.youtube.com/vi/PS9dDwx5zR4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS9dDwx5zR4&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=6&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating a representation](https://img.youtube.com/vi/aK7AABFlNj8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK7AABFlNj8&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=7&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Adding more constraints](https://img.youtube.com/vi/xaJUb4u3op4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaJUb4u3op4&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=8&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Error handling](https://img.youtube.com/vi/T3ztct7bubI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ztct7bubI&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=9&pp=gAQBiAQB)

Commit message:

docs(readme.md): add a disclaimer and the warning about the example being outdated

README.md, after:

# [Isomorphic-validation](https://github.com/itihon/isomorphic-validation) library usage example

## Sign-up and sign-in forms

> [!NOTE]  
> This example doesn't show how you should implement validation of user input. It simply demonstrates the library features.

> [!WARNING]  
> This example and the videos are outdated. The library API has been slightly changed since this example was published, particularly signatures of the [constructor](https://itihon.github.io/isomorphic-validation/api/validation/constructor) and [`Validation().constraint()`](https://itihon.github.io/isomorphic-validation/api/validation/instance-methods/constraint) method. But in general, the concept is still the same.

In case somebody wants to follow along, the tags corresponding to the chapters from the video are available:
`git checkout [Step_0 ... Step_6]`

[![Intro](https://img.youtube.com/vi/PVzKr6ZKZ5A/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVzKr6ZKZ5A&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=1&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Describing validation logic](https://img.youtube.com/vi/9r5aXQUv2xo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r5aXQUv2xo&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=2&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Project setup](https://img.youtube.com/vi/gbuiORK1OCI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbuiORK1OCI&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=3&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Preparing predicates](https://img.youtube.com/vi/09d3M5nz4Sc/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09d3M5nz4Sc&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=4&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating validations](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Wr-9yj62V6U/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr-9yj62V6U&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=5&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating validation profiles](https://img.youtube.com/vi/PS9dDwx5zR4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS9dDwx5zR4&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=6&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Creating a representation](https://img.youtube.com/vi/aK7AABFlNj8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK7AABFlNj8&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=7&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Adding more constraints](https://img.youtube.com/vi/xaJUb4u3op4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaJUb4u3op4&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=8&pp=gAQBiAQB)

[![Error handling](https://img.youtube.com/vi/T3ztct7bubI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ztct7bubI&list=PLBbzjWxPnJGNd8MFAkVk61UzqCsFneT8f&index=9&pp=gAQBiAQB)
